Tenor M. Andrew Jones enchants audiences with his powerful vocal presence and unwavering passion. His artistry showcases the very essence of contemporary operatic excellence, earning accolades from critics and fellow artists alike.
In recent performances, his portrayal of Lenski in concert with Queen City Opera, mesmerized audiences with his "firm, heroic" sound full of depth and emotion. Much acclaim has followed his portrayals of Max in Der Freischütz and Mime in Siegfried at Valhalla Productions in San Francisco, solidifying his reputation as a versatile and technically adept artist. Notable performances include Gulbrand in Queen City Opera’s production of Undina by Tchaikovsky, Don Ottavio in Don Giovanni, Pedrillo in Die Entführung aus dem Serail with Queen City Opera, as well as roles such as the 1st Armored Man/Second Priest in Die Zauberflöte with Dayton Opera, The Messenger in Aida, and the Innkeeper in Der Rosenkavalier with Cincinnati Opera.
Furthering his commitment to the arts, Jones holds a Master's of Music in Vocal Performance from the University of Cincinnati - College Conservatory of Music, under the tutelage of the distinguished Kenneth Shaw, and a Bachelor of Arts in Music from Luther College, guided by the esteemed Ed Andereck.
`prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
